Adds using to assert_num_queries (#1170)
pytest-dev/pytest-django: docs/changelog.rst

* Added official support for Python 3.13.

> * Adds ``using`` argument to ``pytest_django.fixtures.django_assert_num_queries`` 
>   and `pytest_django.fixtures.django_assert_max_num_queries``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added ``using`` argument to :fixture:`django_assert_num_queries`  and
  fixture:`django_assert_max_num_queries` to easily specify the database
  alias to use.
```
